	Hi, I'm Zach Kemphues, I'm 25, and I would really like the opportunity to work for IGN through your Code-Foo program.  Unfortunately I discovered this morning that my webcam must have broken during my last move, so I am unable to include a video submission in this application.  Instead I hope you will accept this short text introduction.

	I have been gaming literally my entire concious life.  My first memory is of sitting with my father playing The Fool's Errand back in 1988, when I was 2.  I was incredibly fortunate to be in a family that enjoyed gaming.  Throughout my childhood I gamed with my dad, and even my mom and sister joined in when We played through Myst and Riven together.  It was my love of games that brought me to the wonderful world of programming.  In 7th grade one of my friends and I decided to teach ourselves Q-Basic and I discovered that not only was coding, fun, but I was good at it.  Between middle school and high school I attended two summer camps that taught me the basics of C++.  In high school I learned Visual Baisc, and then Java, which has become my language of choice for most projects.  In college I gained a much better understanding of Java, and of the core principles of coding.  I was also exposed to many new languages such as Ruby, Python, Lisp, Erlang, Prolog, ML, Scala, and Scheme, and have a limited amount of experience using each of them.

	When it comes to my strengths, I am very good at coming up with algorithms, and writing flexible code.  For example, in the Connect Four game I wrote, the code is generic enough that the board size could be changed by altering two final variables, and everything in the game would still work, including the AI opponent.  As far as weaknesses, my biggest one is that I have virtually no experience writing web pages.  The page I created for this application was the first time I had ever used CSS or Javascript, and my previous HTML experience was from a page I made back in high school.  However, I learn quickly, and hope that I will be given the chance to prove and improve my abilities at IGN.

	I currently live in Buffalo, NY but my grandmother lives in San Francisco so I would have a place to live if I am accpeted into the Code-Foo program.  If I am accepted, and during the program you decide you would like to hire me, I would happily relocate permanently to San Francisco immediately.

Thank you for your consideration,
-Zach Kemphues